README.md, before:

# Closure-Lesson-Plan

Lesson plan on closures in JavaScript. Contains instructor outline and student activities.

## [Slide Deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NsCVuBtyvZMqkGw824RcsK1XctRRw6zaq9BbHKpZsh0/edit?usp=sharing)

### Sources

-   [MDN - Closures](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Closures)
-   [W3Schools - Closures](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_function_closures.asp)
-   [_A Simple Explanation of JavaScript Closures_ by Dmitri Pavlutin](https://dmitripavlutin.com/simple-explanation-of-javascript-closures/)
-   [_Master the JavaScript Interview: What is a Closure?_ by Eric Elliot](https://medium.com/javascript-scene/master-the-javascript-interview-what-is-a-closure-b2f0d2152b36)
-   [_A simple guide to help you understand closures in JavaScript_ by Prashant Ram](https://medium.com/@prashantramnyc/javascript-closures-simplified-d0d23fa06ba4)
-   [_Understand JavaScript Closures with Ease_ by Richard Bovell](http://javascriptissexy.com/understand-javascript-closures-with-ease/)
-   [_10 Need to Know JavaScript Concepts Courses_ - Closures](https://scotch.io/courses/10-need-to-know-javascript-concepts/closures#:~:text=Closures%20give%20us%20the%20ability,through%20the%20object)
-   [StackOverflow Response from Ben Aston](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/750486/javascript-closure-inside-loops-simple-practical-example?page=1&tab=votes#tab-top)
-   [VIDEO - freeCodeCamp - Beau Teaches JavaScript: Closures](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JsJx1x35c0)

### Author

-   **Terrence Mahnken** - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/terrencemahnken/) | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/TerrenceMahnken) | [Personal Portfolio](https://terrence.codes)

Commit message:

updates README to include an Instructor Notes section

README.md, after:

# Closure-Lesson-Plan

## Description

This repository contains information and hands-on activities to aid in the learning of closures in JavaScript.

## For Instructors

-   Please review the [`instructor-outline.md`](./instructor-materials/instructor-outline.md) for a suggested timetable and notes about each activity.

-   After coming off the topic of scope, students may feel overwhelmed so go through the content slowly and break-down each activity line by line. It may be helpful to illustrate using `console.log` or diagram the structure of a closure and how it interacts with data a various scope levels.

-   Use the [slide deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NsCVuBtyvZMqkGw824RcsK1XctRRw6zaq9BbHKpZsh0/edit?usp=sharing) to introduce and explain the benefits of closures.

### Sources

-   [MDN - Closures](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Closures)
-   [W3Schools - Closures](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_function_closures.asp)
-   [_A Simple Explanation of JavaScript Closures_ by Dmitri Pavlutin](https://dmitripavlutin.com/simple-explanation-of-javascript-closures/)
-   [_Master the JavaScript Interview: What is a Closure?_ by Eric Elliot](https://medium.com/javascript-scene/master-the-javascript-interview-what-is-a-closure-b2f0d2152b36)
-   [_A simple guide to help you understand closures in JavaScript_ by Prashant Ram](https://medium.com/@prashantramnyc/javascript-closures-simplified-d0d23fa06ba4)
-   [_Understand JavaScript Closures with Ease_ by Richard Bovell](http://javascriptissexy.com/understand-javascript-closures-with-ease/)
-   [_10 Need to Know JavaScript Concepts Courses_ - Closures](https://scotch.io/courses/10-need-to-know-javascript-concepts/closures#:~:text=Closures%20give%20us%20the%20ability,through%20the%20object)
-   [StackOverflow Response from Ben Aston](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/750486/javascript-closure-inside-loops-simple-practical-example?page=1&tab=votes#tab-top)
-   [VIDEO - freeCodeCamp - Beau Teaches JavaScript: Closures](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JsJx1x35c0)

### Additional Notes

_[`notes.md`](./notes.md) contains all notes and examples during research of closures._

### Author

-   **Terrence Mahnken** - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/terrencemahnken/) | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/TerrenceMahnken) | [Personal Portfolio](https://terrence.codes)
